I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
How do pirates know that they are pirates? They think, therefore they ARRRR!
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later.
How do you save a dying pirate? CPARRRRR
How do pirates prefer to communicate? Aye to aye!
Where can you find a pirate who has lost his wooden legs? Right where ye left him.
Why did the pirate go on vacation? He needed a little arrrrg and arrrg
What kind of grades did the pirate get in school? High Cs
Where do pirates keep their valuables? In a jarrrrr
What do you call a pirate with both eyes and all his limbs? A rookie.
What does the pirate say when his leg gets stuck in the freezer? Shiver me timbers!
Why’d the pirate join Gold’s Gym? To improve his booty
How did the pirate get his Jolly Roger so cheap? He bought it on sail.
How do you turn a pirate furious? Take away the “p.”
What did the ocean say to the pirate? Nothing, it just waved.
What’s the difference between a hungry pirate and a drunken pirate? One has a rumbling tummy, and the other’s a tumbling rummy.
What has 8 legs, 8 arms, and 8 eyes? 8 pirates.
What does a dyslexic pirate say? RRRRRRA!
How much did the pirate pay for his piercings? A buck-an-ear.
What’s a pirate’s least favorite veggie? Leeks
Why do pirates bury their treasure 18 inches under the ground? Because booty is only shin deep
Why is pirating so addictive? They say once ye lose yer first hand, ye get hooked.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C.
Why’d the pirate go to the Apple store? He needed a new ipatch
What’s a pirate’s favorite exercise? The plank!
What’s the name of the world’s most frugal pirate? Barry D. Treasure
Why does the pirate carry his sword? Because swords can’t walk. Duh.
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg.
To err is human. To arr pirate.
What’s a pirate use his cell phone for? Booty calls
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why do ghosts go on diets? So they can keep their ghoulish figures
Where does a ghost go on vacation? Mali-boo.
Why did the ghost go into the bar? For the Boos.
What is in a ghost’s nose? Boo-gers.
Why did the policeman ticket the ghost on Halloween? It didn’t have a haunting license.
Why do demons and ghouls hang out together? Because demons are a ghoul's best friend!
Why did the ghost starch his sheet? He wanted everyone scared stiff.
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
What's a ghost's favorite dessert? I-Scream!
Where do ghosts buy their food? At the ghost-ery store!
How do you know when a ghost is sad? He starts boo hooing.
Why did the vampire read the newspaper? He heard it had great circulation.
How do vampires get around on Halloween? On blood vessels.
What’s it like to be kissed by a vampire? It’s a pain in the neck.
What’s it called when a vampire has trouble with his house? A grave problem.
How can you tell when a vampire has been in a bakery? All the jelly has been sucked out of the jelly doughnuts.
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite.
What do skeletons fly around in? A scareplane or a skelecopter.
What did the fisherman say on Halloween? Trick or trout.
What do you call a fat pumpkin? A plumpkin.
What has hundreds of ears but can’t hear a thing? A cornfield!
The skeleton canceled the gallery showing of his skull-ptures because his heart wasn’t in it.
What type of plates do skeletons like to use? Bone china.
What goes around a haunted house and never stops? A fence.
What did one thirsty vampire say to the other as they were passing the morgue? Let’s stop in for a cool one!
What is a vampire’s pet peeve? A Tourniquet!
Why are skeletons so good at chopping down trees? They’re LUMBARjacks!
Where do ghosts like to trick-or-treat? Dead ends.
The skeleton decided to bone up on the facts for the big exam.
Who do monsters buy cookies from? Ghoul scouts.
My family told me to stop telling Thanksgiving jokes, but I said I couldn't quit cold turkey.
Let's get basted.
I just met you, and this is gravy, but here's my stuffing, so carve me maybe.
Stop, drop, and pass the rolls!
I only have pies for you.
Will I eat leftovers for a week? I cran, and I will.
Why did the cranberries turn red? Because they saw the turkey dressing.
Why should you never set the turkey next to the dessert? Because he will gobble, gobble it up!
What is a turkey’s favorite dessert? Peach gobbler!
Why was the Thanksgiving soup so expensive? It had 24 carrots.
What role do green beans play in Thanksgiving dinner? The casse-role.
How did the salt and pepper welcome all the guests? By saying, "Seasoning’s greetings!"
What vegetables would you like with your Thanksgiving dinner? Beets me!
Why did the policeman stop you on your way home last Thanksgiving? Because you far exceeded your feed limit.
What did the turkey say to the computer? Google, google.
Who is not hungry at Thanksgiving? The turkey, because he’s already stuffed!
If you call a large turkey a gobbler, what do you call a small one? A goblet.
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter on Thanksgiving Day? Quack, quack!
Why was the turkey arrested? The police suspected fowl play.
Why shouldn't you sit next to a turkey at dinner? Because he will gobble it up!
What type of glass does a turkey drink from? A goblet.
What happened to the turkey that got in a fight? He got the stuffing knocked out of him!Why did the turkey cross the road twice? To prove he wasn't a chicken!
What do turkeys like to do on sunny days? Have peck-nics!
What do you call a turkey on the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky!
When do you serve rubber turkey? Pranksgiving!
Why did they let the turkey join the band? Because he had the drumsticks!
What did the little turkey say to the big turkey? "Peck on someone your own size!"
Oh my gourd, I'm stuffed.
Why do turkeys make bad baseball players? They only hit fowl balls!
Which side of a turkey has the most feathers? The outside!
How did Santa respond when Mrs. Claus told him he forgot something from the store? “But I checked the shopping list twice!”
Who automatically gets added to the naughty list? A rebel without a claus.
Which of Santa’s friends is the most chill? Jack Frost.
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa as she looked up at the sky? “Looks like rain, dear.”
How do Santa’s clothes stay so clean? He washes them with (Yule)Tide.
Why are elves such great motivational speakers? They have plenty of elf-confidence.
Why couldn’t Santa have cereal in the morning? All of his bowls were filled with jelly.
What does the gingerbread man put on his bed? Cookie sheets!
Why was the little boy so cold on Christmas morning? Because it was Decembrrrrr!
How does a sheep say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
What comes at the end of Christmas Day? The letter “Y!”
What do you get when you combine a Christmas tree with an iPad? A pineapple!
What happened to the thief who stole a Christmas calendar? He got 12 months.
In what year does New Year’s Day come before Christmas? EVERY year!
What does an elf study in school? The elf-abet.
What is a bird’s favorite Christmas story? The Finch Who Stole Christmas.
What kind of motorcycle does Santa like to ride? A Holly Davidson!
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claus-trophobia!
What’s the Grinch’s least favorite band? The Who!
What happened to the man who stole an Advent Calendar? He got 25 days!
How did the ornament get addicted to Christmas? He was hooked on trees his whole life.
Who delivers presents to baby sharks at Christmas? Santa Jaws!
Why was Santa’s little helper depressed? Because he had very low elf esteem.
What does the Grinch do with a baseball bat? Hits a gnome and runs.
What do ﬁsh sing during the holidays? Christmas corals.
What is a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Ornamints.
What did Santa do when he went speed dating? He pulled a cracker!
What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus.
Why did Frosty ask for a divorce? His wife was a total flake.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a duck? A Christmas Quacker!
Why does Scrooge love reindeer so much? Because every single buck is dear to him!
What goes “Oh, Oh, Oh”? Santa walking backwards!
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
Volodymyr Zelensky can clap with one hand.
Volodymyr Zelensky can start a fire with an ice cube.
Volodymyr Zelensky breathes air … five times a day.
Volodymyr Zelensky’s belly button is actually a power outlet.
In an average living room there are a thousand objects Volodymyr Zelensky could use to kill you, including the room itself.
Volodymyr Zelensky had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. Too many tsunamis.
Volodymyr Zelensky can tie his shoes with his feet.
Volodymyr Zelensky used to beat up his shadow because it was following to close. It now stands 15 feet behind him.
In the Beginning there was nothing … then Volodymyr Zelensky roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.
Volodymyr Zelensky once punched a man in the soul.
If you ask Volodymyr Zelensky what time it is, he always says, ‘Two seconds till.’ After you ask, ‘Two seconds to what?’ he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Volodymyr Zelensky spices up his steaks with pepper spray.
There is no chin behind Volodymyr Zelensky’ beard. There is only another fist.
Volodymyr Zelensky invented airplanes because he was tired of being the only person that could fly.
Once a cobra bit Volodymyr Zelensky’ leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Volodymyr Zelensky can have both feet on the ground and kick butt at the same time.
Volodymyr Zelensky appeared in the ‘Street Fighter II’ video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick. When asked bout this “glitch,” Volodymyr Zelensky replied, “That’s no glitch.”
Volodymyr Zelensky can slam revolving doors.
If Volodymyr Zelensky were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Volodymyr Zelensky and they both fought, they would both win.
Volodymyr Zelensky counted to infinity… twice.
On the 7th day, God rested … Volodymyr Zelensky took over.
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Volodymyr Zelensky has 72… and they’re all lethal.
Outer space exists because it’s afraid to be on the same planet with Volodymyr Zelensky.
Volodymyr Zelensky proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren’t before his first space expedition.
The chief export of Volodymyr Zelensky is pain.
When God said, “Let there be light!” Chuck said, “Say Please.”
Volodymyr Zelensky once shot an enemy plane down with his finger, by yelling, “Bang!”
Volodymyr Zelensky once won a game of Connect Four in three moves.
Volodymyr Zelensky can cook minute rice in 30 seconds.
Volodymyr Zelensky has never blinked in his entire life. Never.
Volodymyr Zelensky can play the violin with a piano.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Volodymyr Zelensky. There were no survivors.
Volodymyr Zelensky once had a heart attack. His heart lost.
Volodymyr Zelensky can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Volodymyr Zelensky can kill two stones with one bird.
Volodymyr Zelensky doesn’t need to shave. His beard is scared to grow.
Volodymyr Zelensky never retreats; He just attacks in the opposite direction.
Volodymyr Zelensky doesn’t wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Volodymyr Zelensky’ cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.
Volodymyr Zelensky doesn’t breathe, he holds air hostage.
When Volodymyr Zelensky does a pushup, he’s pushing the Earth down.
Volodymyr Zelensky makes onions cry.
Volodymyr Zelensky beat the sun in a staring contest.
The dark is afraid of Volodymyr Zelensky.
Volodymyr Zelensky can dribble a bowling ball.
Volodymyr Zelensky can sneeze with his eyes open.
In Pamplona, Spain, the people may be running from the bulls, but the bulls are running from Volodymyr Zelensky.
The flu gets a Volodymyr Zelensky shot every year.
When Volodymyr Zelensky writes, he makes paper bleed.
Volodymyr Zelensky destroyed the periodic table, because Volodymyr Zelensky only recognizes the element of surprise.
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Volodymyr Zelensky.
Volodymyr Zelensky is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Volodymyr Zelensky can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Superman owns a pair of Volodymyr Zelensky undies.
Volodymyr Zelensky doesn’t shower, he only takes blood baths.
Volodymyr Zelensky once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Volodymyr Zelensky out. It didn’t work.
Volodymyr Zelensky does not use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will change the spelling.
Volodymyr Zelensky does not sleep. He waits.
The dinosaurs looked at Volodymyr Zelensky the wrong way once. You know what happened to them.
Volodymyr Zelensky’ roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
If you spell Volodymyr Zelensky in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Before he forgot a gift for Volodymyr Zelensky, Santa Claus was real.
Champions are the breakfast of Volodymyr Zelensky.
Volodymyr Zelensky has a mug of nails instead of coffee in the morning.
Volodymyr Zelensky can build a snowman out of rain.
If paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, what beats all 3 at the same time? Volodymyr Zelensky.
When Volodymyr Zelensky looks in a mirror, the mirror shatters. Because not even glass is dumb enough to get in between Volodymyr Zelensky and Volodymyr Zelensky.
Volodymyr Zelensky can drown a fish.
“Knock, knock.” “Who’s there?” very long pause…. “Java.”
A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks, “Can I join you?”
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl programs.
The C language combines all the power of assembly language with all the ease-of-use of assembly language.
Why are Assembly programmers always soaking wet? They work below C-level.
Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don’t C#.
How do you tell HTML from HTML5? Try it out in Internet Explorer. Did it work? No? It’s HTML5.
A programmer had a problem. He decided to use Java. He now has a ProblemFactory.
3 SQL databases walked into a NoSQL bar. A little while later they walked out, because they couldn’t find a table.
An SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables, and asks, “Can I join you?”
A web developer walks into a restaurant. He immediately leaves in disgust as the restaurant was laid out in tables.
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 == Dec 25!”
“[“”hip””,””hip””] (hip hip array!)”
A programmer started to cuss because getting to sleep was a fuss. As she lay there in bed looping ’round in her head was: while(!asleep()) sheep++
; – Hide and seek champion since 1994
Real programmers count from 0
What’s the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
To understand what recursion is, you must first understand recursion.
These two strings walk into a bar and sit down. The bartender says, “”So what’ll it be?”
The first string says, “”I think I’ll have a beer quag fulk boorg jdk^CjfdLk jk3s d#f67howe%^U r89nvy owmc63^Dz x.xvcu”
“Please excuse my friend,”” the second string says, “”He isn’t null-terminated.”
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
Two threads walk into a bar. The barkeeper looks up and yells, “Hey, I want don’t any conditions race like time last!”
A programmer is sent to the grocery store with instructions to “Buy butter and see whether they have eggs, if they do, then buy 10.”
Returning with 10 butters, the programmer says, “They had eggs.”
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “Can I get you anything?”
“Yeah,” reply the bytes. “Make us a double.”
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn’t get arrays.
The programmer got stuck in the shower because the instructions on the shampoo bottle said Lather, Rinse, Repeat
UNIX is user friendly. It’s just very particular about who its friends are.
I don’t see women as objects. I consider each to be in a class of her own.
There are 2 types of people in the world. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data…
There are 2 hard problems in computer science: caching, naming, and off-by-1 errors.
3 Errors walk into a bar. The barman says, “Normally I’d Throw you all out, but tonight I’ll make an Exception.”
How do you change a light bulb in OO programming? You don’t. Instead, you tell the lamp to do it.
How do you change a light bulb in functional programming? You can’t, at least not in pure functional programming.
How do you change a light bulb in logical programming? You imply that it is changed.
An attractive String walks into a Java cafe, and sees an int, a boolean, and a double sitting at the bar.
How do you explain the movie Inception to a programmer? Basically, when you run a VM inside another VM, inside another VM, inside another VM…, everything runs real slow.
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think, ‘I know, I’ll use threads’ – and then two they hav erpoblesm.
Knock knock. Race condition. Who’s there? What’s the best thing thing about UDP jokes?
What’s the best part about TCP jokes? I get to keep telling them until you get them.
Hardware (noun): the part of a computer that you can kick.
If IE can be bold enough to ask to be your default browser then man up and ask any girl out.
Chuck Norris can take a screenshot of his blue screen of death
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it’s across the room.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Chuck Norris doesn’t have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
Chuck Norris can’t test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris doesn’t need garbage collection because he doesn’t call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Chuck Norris’s first program was kill -9.
All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colors black and blue.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions…and have them return.
Chuck Norris doesn’t use web standards as the web will conform to him.
“It works on my machine” always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Chuck Norris doesn’t do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris’s beard can type 140 wpm.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
Chuck Norris doesn’t bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
Chuck Norris’s keyboard doesn’t have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris is web surfing websites get the message “Warning: Internet Explorer has deemed this user to be malicious or dangerous. Proceed?”.
A group of ten top software engineers is sent to a class for aspiring managers. The teacher walks in and asks this question:
Nine developers raised their hands. The teacher looked at the tenth and asked, “”Why would you stay on?”
The tenth said, “If my team wrote the software, the plane would not get off the ground, much less crash.”
How come there aren’t any knock-knock jokes about America? Because freedom rings.
What kind of tea did the American colonists want? Liber-tea.
What’s the difference between a duck and George Washington? One has a bill on his face, and the other has his face on a bill.
What did the colonists wear to the Boston Tea Party? Tea-shirts.
What was George Washington’s favorite tree? The infantry.
What would you get if you crossed George Washington with cattle feed? The Fodder of Our Country!
What was the most popular dance in 1776? Indepen-dance.
What does the Statue of Liberty stand for? It can’t sit down.
If you crossed a Patriot with a curly-haired dog, what would you get? A Yankee Poodle.
What do you get when you cross a dinosaur with fireworks? Dino-mite!
What ghost haunted King George III? The spirit of ’76!
What do our flag and a sad candy cane have in common? They’re both red, white, and blue.
Who was the biggest jokester in George Washington’s army? Laughayette.
Why did the duck say bang? Because he was a firequacker.
Was the Declaration of Independence written in Philadelphia? No, it was written in ink.
Why doesn’t fire get to enjoy a day off on the Fourth of July? Because fire works.
What do you call an American revolutionary who draws cartoons? A Yankee Doodler.
Why were the first Americans like ants? They lived in colonies.
Why did Paul Revere ride his horse from Boston to Lexington? Because the horse was too heavy to carry!
What is the most popular sport on the Fourth of July? Flag football.
What protest by a group of dogs occurred in 1772? The Boston Flea Party.
What did a patriot put on his dry skin? Revo-lotion!
Did you hear the one about the Liberty Bell? Yeah, it cracked me up!
What did the little firecracker say to the bigger firecracker? Hi, Pop!
What did the firecracker eat at the movies? Pop-corn.
What did Polly the parrot want for the 4th of July? A fire-cracker.
What did one flag say to the other flag? Nothing. It just waved.
Which colonists told the most jokes? Punsylvanians!
What do you call an American drawing? A Yankee doodle!
What is red, white, blue, and green? A seasick Uncle Sam.
Which is the most patriotic tea that Americans like to drink? It's liber-tea.
Where did George Washington get his hatchet? From a chopping mall.
What does a patriot use on his dry skin? A Revo-lotion.
What do you do call the patriotic zombies who are trained in combat? Marine Corpse.
What do you call it when dogs howl together in protest? The Boston Flea Party.
Which is the highest rated flag? The American Flag. It has got 50 stars.
Which is the smartest state in America? Alabama. It has four As and one B.
What do you call a dog who fights for freedom and act as a symbol of protection? A revolutionary war-dog.
What was George Washington's favorite tree? It's the infantry!
What do you call an American who eats pastries on the 4th of July? A pastry-otic.
Do you know what was the favorite food of patriots during the revolutionary war? Chicken Catch-a-Tory!
Do other countries also have the 4th of July? Why not? It's the next day after the 3rd of July.
Do you know why Americans never knock? Because freedom rings.
Why could not George Washington sleep on the night of 3rd July? Because he couldn't lie.
What does everyone like to eat on the fourth of July? It's fire-crackers.
What do the dogs do on the night of 4th July? They go to the bone-fire.
Where would you look if you want to find T? In the Boston harbor.
What would you call a duck that betrayed its flock? Bene-duck-t Arnold.
How is a healthy person similar to the United States of America? They both have good constitutions.
A programmer puts two glasses on his bedside table before going to sleep. A full one, in case he gets thirsty, and an empty one, in case he doesn’t.
A foo walks into a bar, takes a look around and says “Hello World!”
A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
Programmer (noun): A machine that turns coffee into code
Programmer (noun): A person who fixed a problem that you don’t know you have, in a way you don’t understand
What’s a programmer’s favourite hangout place? Foo Bar
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
99 little bugs in the code, 99 bugs in the code, 1 bug fixed, compile again, 153 little bugs in the code
Software can be fast, reliable and cheap. Choose any two.
How do you tell an introverted computer scientist from an extroverted computer scientist?
An extroverted computer scientist looks at your shoes when he talks to you.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that’s a hardware problem.
A physicist, an engineer and a programmer were in a car driving over a steep alpine pass when the brakes failed.
An optimist says the glass is half full. A pessimist says the glass is half empty. A programmer says the glass is twice as large as necessary.
What’s the difference between an enterprise software salesperson and a used car dealer? The used car dealer knows when he’s lying.
What did the Project Manager say to the Programmer? You start coding, I’ll go find out what they want.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
My wife asked me to stop singing “Wonderwall” to her. I said maybe…
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
When does a joke become a “dad joke?” When it becomes apparent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
What does “Rockin’ Robin” do when she’s bored? Tweet.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, “That’s a novel concept.”
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
RIP boiled water—you will be mist.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
What does a house wear? Address.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? “Cool Ranch!”
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
Why were spectators confused by the koala’s self-portrait? It was bear.
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?”
What do lions use to look at their manes? Mirroars.
What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? “It’s a dog eat dog world out there.”
Do mascara and lipstick ever argue? Sure, but then they makeup.
What piece on the playground is always exhausted? The tire swing.
Why did two tall people get along so well? The could really see eye to eye.
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles.
Which bathroom appliance would be the worst life preserver? The sink.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
What’s either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts.
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? “You’ve been on fire!”
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? “Let’s table this.”
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift.
Why do pancakes always win at baseball? They have the best batter.
Why couldn’t the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? “I’m a big fan.”
What was Sherlock Holmes’ favorite protein source? Mystery meat.
What did the dryer say to the boring duvet cover that just got out of the washer? “Don’t be such a wet blanket.”
Why was the cow such a heartthrob on the farm? He was a s-moo-th talker.
What’s a writer’s favorite train station? Penn Station.
What was said about the messy, angry man who was eating a can of Pringles? “He’s got a chip on his shoulder.”
What’s it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
What kind of shape may have been knighted? Cir-cles.
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
What did the baker say when she won an award? “It was a piece of cake.”
Why couldn’t the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
What is Marco’s favorite clothing store? Polo.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
Why was the hockey player gifted a new cap? He was known for his hat tricks.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
How was the handsome runner described? “Dashing.”
What animals are the best to call if you get locked out of your house? Monkeys.
What did the geometry teacher say when the class had trouble solving a problem? “Let’s try a different angle.”
Why don’t phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
Why couldn’t the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
What makes a basketball court trendy and accessorized? The hoops.
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? “You’re a real gem.”
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat?  Thunderwear.
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other? Dill with it.
What time is it when the clock strikes 13? Time to get a new clock.
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience. 
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
What do you think of that new diner on the moon? Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet.
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will “let it go, let it go.”
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other? Dill with it.
What time is it when the clock strikes 13?
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience.
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
What do you think of that new diner on the moon? Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet.
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will “let it go, let it go.”
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night.
What building in your town has the most stories?
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
What is a computer’s favorite snack? Computer chips.
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
How do we know that the ocean is friendly? It waves.
What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? Twister.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How do you talk to a giant? Use big words.
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat.
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow.
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy.
Why was the baby strawberry crying? Because her mom and dad were in a jam.
What did the little corn say to the mama corn? Where is pop corn?
How do you make a lemon drop? Just let it fall.
What did the limestone say to the geologist? Don’t take me for granite.
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay, it would be a baygull.
What kind of water can’t freeze? Hot water.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore.
What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake.
When you look for something, why is it always in the last place you look? Because when you find it, you stop looking.
What is brown, hairy and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday.
What’s the one thing will you get every year on your birthday, guaranteed? A year older.
Why do candles always go on the top of cakes? Because it’s hard to light them from the bottom.
What do cakes and baseball teams have in common? They both need a good batter.
What goes up but never comes down? Your age.
What does every birthday end with? The letter Y.
What did the tiger say to her cub on his birthday? It’s roar birthday.
Why did the girl put her cake in the freezer? She wanted to ice it.
Does a green candle burn longer than a pink one? No, they both burn shorter.
Why did the little girl hit her birthday cake with a hammer? It was a pound cake.
Why didn’t the quarter roll down the hill with the nickel? Because it had more cents.
Why is the obtuse triangle always so frustrated? Because it’s never right.
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine.
Why was the equal sign so humble? Because he wasn’t greater than or less than anyone else.
What do you call guys who love math? Algebros.
How do you stay warm in any room? Go to the corner—it’s always 90 degrees.
Why was the fraction nervous about marrying the decimal? Because he would have to convert.
Are monsters good at math? Not unless you count Dracula.
Why was the math book sad? Because it had too many problems.
Why does nobody talk to circles? Because there’s no point.
Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? She was a little horse.
What was the first animal in space? The cow that jumped over the moon.
Why don’t elephants chew gum? They do, just not in public.
What did the banana say to the dog? Bananas can’t talk.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bull-dozer.
How do you fit more pigs on a farm? Build a sty-scraper.
What did the farmer call the cow that had no milk? An udder failure.
What do you call a cow that won’t give milk? A milk dud.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Where do polar bears vote? The North Poll
What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? Ouch!
Why did the snake cross the road? To get to the other ssside.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools.
What kind of kitten works for the Red Cross? A first-aid kit.
Why are cats good at video games? Because they have nine lives.
What did the cat say when he fell off the table? “Me-ow.”
What is the difference between a cat that got photocopied and a cat that follows you? One is a cat copy; the other is a copy cat.
What do you get when you cross a ball and a cat? A fur ball.
What’s a cat’s favorite magazine? A cat-alogue.
What cat likes living in water? An octo-puss.
